This is not RuPaul's
Best Friend Race.
I feel very attacked!
If you don't have star quality,
get the fuck outta here.
Oh, my God.
RuPaul: This is Untucked,
backstage at the competition
to become America's
next drag superstar.
Girl, if you're not watching
Untucked,
you're only getting
half the story.
Director:
Break on the main stage.
All cameras re-po.
RuPaul: Thank you, ladies.
I think we've heard enough.
While you untuck
in the werkroom,
the judges and I
will deliberate.
You may leave the stage.
Baby, I'm so happy
after the roast.
I got pretty good critiques
from the judges.
Hey, I'll take it.
Unfortunately, I think
I will be in the bottom.
I'm feeling nervous.
I'm, like, is this my time?
I'm honestly really
disappointed in myself,
but not gonna lie.
I feel so relieved
that I got through it.
I'm at peace
with whatever happens.
All cameras up.
Copy that. Here we go.
We got the queens walking.
-Aah!
-Whew, girl.
-Ugh!
-♪ Doo doo doo-doo, doo-doo ♪
-Can I take the pink one?
-Yeah.
Oh-oh-oh.
Oh, gosh.
Aah!
-Gather 'round, ladies.
-Gathering.
So let's address
the elephant in the room.
Oh, my God.
I know I will be lip syncing.
I feel like
they almost were insulted
that I did not listen to them,
even though I feel like
I did take their direction.
I more or less
was under the impression
that it was like if you feel
like it would land, do it.
But I just hate the feeling
of, like, I feel like
I almost insulted them,
because neither of them
were really pleased,
Dulcé and Michelle,
and I almost slightly felt
like they were just, like,
why the fuck didn't--
without saying it--
I kind of felt that way.
You didn't take any of me
and Michelle's notes.
Me and Michelle
didn't get dressed
just to not have somebody
listen to us.
Even your opening joke,
we said mm-mm,
and you opened with it anyway.
So I definitely know
I'm gonna be lip syncing,
and the person
I'm gonna be lip syncing to
is, like, my fucking bitch,
ride or die.
You okay, babe?
I just feel stupid,
because I feel like
they're constantly
seeing something in me
that I'm not able
to bring to life.
So I just feel dumb.
I do not wanna lip sync
against my sister,
and I don't think she wants
to lip sync against me neither.
It sucks because, like,
when someone's close to me,
it hurts to the core.
Because it's difficult.
It really is hard
because your mindset
is "focus on me,"
but at the same time,
I wanna, you know,
make sure everyone's okay.
And then it keeps
running through my mind,
because I know we're gonna have
to lip sync against each other.
Um...
I just don't want
to let anyone down,
and I felt like today I just
let all of the judges down.
Girl, this challenge
was fucking hard.
It's difficult.
Not everyone can fucking
do that, you know what I mean?
Like, bitch, sitting down
in your own thoughts,
in your own head,
it's just, like,
you're your worst critic.
Under a lot of pressure,
it's hard to focus.
I will say, like,
now that it's over,
I got my biggest fear
out the way.
I'm just happy
it's fucking over.
Like, at this point, like,
I'm at a better place now
knowing that it's over.
I am a little concerned
with Jorgeous
and her place
in the competition right now.
I don't feel like Jorgeous
is as confident
as she was in the first half
of the competition,
and the competition
is only getting stiffer now.
It's hard to almost say, like,
I'm fine with whatever
the outcome is,
because I feel like I wouldn't
be fine with whatever.
The fact that I'm here
and so close,
it would just be heartbreaking
to leave when you're that close.
I will say, you're so ready
to just always be vulnerable
and just be yourself,
and I want--no matter
what happens today,
I hope that
it doesn't change that.
You're amazing, you know?
I'm sorry, it's hitting me
a lot right now.
Thank you, thank you.
I just wanna say
if this is my last night,
I want to say, like,
you guys have been the best part
of this competition.
We've bonded in a way
that I just don't think
I ever would have imagined,
and so fast.
So I want you guys to know that
regardless of what happens,
I do love you guys.
I know we're gonna be
bonded for life,
so just get ready, because
we're not going anywhere.
-Absolutely not.
-But enough of the tears.
-I love you!
-Okay, I love you.
-Mwah. I love you, babe.
-Let's go.
-Happy things, happy things.
-I'm gonna go sit down.
-Miss Lady Camden.
-Miss Lady Camden!
Renting a spot in the top
of this competition.
-Okay, bitch?
-I will be honest, like,
I've never felt more beautiful
in my entire life.
This is the prettiest you've
looked this entire competition.
Let me tell you,
like, literally,
like, my vision
for this was, like,
when I first went
to go see a ballet--
I don't know if you guys know,
but I do ballet.
[laughs]
I just remember thinking
I wanna look like that one day.
And it just was a cool full
circle childhood moment today,
where I was, like,
this is a risk,
but this feels very much,
like, where my heart is,
and so I was really nervous
for them to rip it apart,
but they didn't,
so I'm really, really glad.
For real.
Honestly, I don't know
how you guys felt in the roast,
but I wasn't present enough
to really know how I was doing.
I was just sort of like, keep
going, keep going, keep going.
So I didn't, like,
take in the good moments
and really think about the bad.
I was just, like, you know,
kind of get through it.
When you are up there
delivering it,
you don't know,
and on those moments
where they're not feeling
a certain joke,
-it's like...
-...oh, shit.
Absolutely.
I'm ready
to get to the end of this ho.
Girl, no,
that shit was, like...
You were going through it,
though.
You were just, like--
I was like, oh, she's
about to kill someone.
Yes! Fuck.
It felt like
the end of the world
was gonna happen when
I was about to go on stage.
But, like, once it was done,
I was like fuck, okay,
I can breathe, you know?
Right. Yeah.
Damn. [laughs]
I tried to make jokes,
and it's just, like, what?
Like, what the hell
is she even saying?
Hi, Michelle.
I just wanna say
you are more looser
than Ross Mathews pre-COVID.
I like to call "Brasco" Bronco
because she reminds me
of a horse.
-Oh.
-[laughs]
Oh, my God, this is gonna be
the death of Jorgeous, bitch.
So cringey. Like, I probably
won't ever watch this episode.
Miss Willow.
-Yes, bitch!
-Yeah, Willow!
Try and mumble through what
you're trying to feel right now.
[mumbles]
Let me try to talk right now.
[all laugh]
I feel so good.
I just feel so good.
Just shut up.
-[mumbles] So good.
-No, I feel really good.
My set was, like,
strong at the beginning,
and then it dwindled
a little bit.
-But I was just so happy.
-[laughs]
Shut up, you fucking whore.
[all laugh]
I felt really just proud.
Like, I've always been
that person
that's like, I know
I'm gonna be on Drag Race.
Yeah, absolutely.
But I was always, like, I have
to go through these challenges.
Honestly, it's been
so much easier
to have the rest of you
to go through with it.
It's so much
less scary suddenly
when we have each other
to do it.
-Right.
-Yes.
[gasps]
Whose family is that?
-Hi, Willow.
-We miss you.
-[gasps]
-Aah!
-Oh, Willow!
Oh, my God, I'm almost,
like, convulsing,
because it is just
such a shock to the system.
It just took my breath away
for a second.
We gathered together
this morning
and we were talking about you
and remembering when
you were three years old
and you used to lip sync
to Selena.
And you'd entertain us
for long periods of time,
as well as the neighbors.
And, well, honestly, since your
very first drag performance,
your drag has brought
so much joy into my life
and to all of our lives.
I'm incredibly proud of you.
I'm sure you're exhausted
at this point.
But we want to push you
to keep going
and keep doing
what you love to do.
It's unbelievable
to think you've reached
the biggest dream
you've ever had in your life.
Mm-hmm.
And it is causing us
great anxiety
to think about
where you are in the show.
Yes. Bring home the crown,
Willow.
Bring home the crown.
We love you so much.
-Bye!
-Aw!
-How sweet.
-Oh, my God.
-You... That is so cute.
Oh, my God.
[sobs]
How you feeling, babe?
Why am I wearing this makeup?
[all laugh]
Damn, my face
isn't even moving.
I know, I know.
Oh, my God.
That was just, like, really...
A lot to go through at once.
All my family is just,
like, my whole world.
They've just been through
everything with me
and taken care of me
and my body when I can't.
And just to have those people
that just know, like,
the darkest things about you
and what you've been through,
and the darkest, like, holes
that you've buried yourself in.
These are the people
that I buried my dad with.
It's, like, you can't put
into words what that means,
and I miss them so much.
I never noticed how much
Willow's family means to her.
The people that took care of her
when she couldn't
take care of herself...
That is so inspiring,
because I don't have that.
So it touches me.
It makes me happy for her,
because I know how much
she needed that.
Whew.
Are you laughing or crying?
Both.
You know that bitch
is laughing.
[all laugh]
That bitch is laughing.
It's just so funny.
[all laugh]
It's just fitting for my drag,
just the absurdity of it all,
that I'm, like, sobbing
about this family
that's carried me
through everything,
but I can't move my face.
It's like that Kim Kardashian
meme where she's like, oh!
Oh, I needed that so much.
I'm so happy.
Hello, hello, hello!
[screaming]
I cannot believe
I am in here, girl!
-Yeah!
-Come on!
They found the smallest chair.
So what are we gonna put
my other asscheek on?
[all laugh]
I'm just trying not to fall.
This dress is not paid for.
Listen, y'all
do not understand.
Like, it's been my dream
for me to be on this show.
Yes.
I have been watching
since Season 1,
and I've watched all
of Thailand and UK.
I gotta watch Down Under
and Spain
and Lithuania
or wherever else we're going.
Drag Race Rwanda. I don't know
what the next place is.
So how are y'all feeling?
I'm so-so.
I understand.
I hear you.
Think about how many people
auditioned for this.
Right.
Think about all the work
you put into yourselves
and all the things that you did.
You are blessed to be here,
so be proud of yourself.
To be a drag queen,
you're already changing up
what the reality
of the world is.
-Yeah.
-You understand that?
I'm sorry, queens.
I gotta take Dulcé with me.
-No!
-I love you!
I'll go with you, Justin.
Don't worry.
[all laugh]
No, Justin's ours.
I'll fight you all!
[all laugh]
-Oh, I love her.
-I love you, too!
Bitch, almost every guest
has came back here.
Like, that is sickening.
Mm-hmm.
I really feel like I don't
have my friend right now.
Like I'm not here?
I don't look like myself.
Yeah, because it's, like,
I'm looking for,
like, my sweet Willow face,
and every time I look at you
you're looking at me
like you hate me.
All right, queens.
Five minutes
till the main stage.
Five minutes.
Five minute warning.
When I came into
this competition,
I was, like,
if I have to lip sync,
I don't care who it is.
But when you love someone
and you're connected
with someone,
having to lip sync against them,
it's the worst feeling.
Because I truly love Jorgeous.
But this is a competition,
so my headspace is just
I have to do what I have to do.
Eye on the prize, bitch.
This will be my fifth time
lip syncing
and being in the bottom.
DeJa has been doing so well,
and for me, I've been fucking up
week after week after week.
So, girl, I have to turn it out.
It's really important
for me to kill it,
because this is my gig,
this is what I do.
I cannot fail at this.
All right, queens,
time to go.
Time to head
to the main stage.
All right.
No!
Yes.
Do the thing.
-Wow.
RuPaul:
Welcome back, ladies.
I've made some decisions.
In a moment, I'll ask two of you
to sashay away.
Daya Betty.
Jorgeous.
DeJa Skye.
The time has come
for you to lip sync
for your life!
Jorgeous, DeJa Skye,
sashay away.
When Ru had told us
to sashay away,
it just felt like a huge relief.
But of course I'm sad
to leave in this competition.
Every week after week after week
I tried to put
my best foot forward,
and, like, it wasn't enough.
But I just feel like
all the pressure
is taken off me now.
Honestly, I'm fucking proud
of myself.
I was capable of things
that I never even thought
I was ever gonna be capable of.
I've surprised myself.
The fact that I got so far,
I cannot be mad about nothin'.
-Oh, my God, this is crazy!
-Sister!
We got eliminated!
Ugh!
Who would have fucking thought
we got eliminated?
I know.
Do you remember walking in?
Bitch, you were sitting
right fucking here.
Just watching you.
And I walked in,
and you said,
"Oh, giving camp!"
Oh, she's campy!
And I was just like,
♪ da da-da da-da ♪
-Bitch, it's okay.
-I love you.
I love you so much more.
But I will say this packing
is gonna be a bitch.
Oh, my God, it was fucking
awful unpacking this shit.
-Get in there!
-Yeah, get the fuck in there.
Get in there!
I don't think that's gonna fit,
but we're gonna make it fit.
Oh, your bitty-bitty-bum-bum.
This is my favorite runway
that I've ever worn here.
Your first runway
was my favorite.
-Really?
-That was everything.
Other than the fact I had
a long-ass cry that day.
I can't help that I have a
wide-set vagina and heavy flow.
Oh, my God.
Honestly, coming into
this competition,
I was nervous that
I was gonna flounder a lot.
I was terrified.
-Really?
-I really was scared.
I didn't wanna make a fool
out of myself, you know,
and, like,
this whole competition
is just making a fucking
fool out of yourself.
-You know what I mean?
-Yeah.
What I'm gonna
take away from this
is, bitch, it's okay
to act stupid.
Like, who the fuck cares,
you know what I mean?
Yes, I will say
there always is a positive.
So rather than harp on
that one negative comment,
harp on all the positives.
-Exactly.
-It's, like, no "regurts."
I sent Orion home.
-Ooh!
-It was then me and Jasmine,
Angie, and Lady Camden.
So one, two, three,
four, five times.
And I only sent
one bitch packing.
Like, what the fuck?
But I'm the only person that
got called a lip sync assassin.
-Bitch, what--
-Just so you know.
What happened this time?
And I'm going home
with the title.
Like, I was the only good one
at Snatch Game.
Oh, my God, isn't it insane
that I sent Daya home,
and now the bitch sent us home?
Bitch, what the fuck?
I'll get you for this!
DeJa Skye, shantay you stay.
Daya Betty, sashay away.
Well, shit.
[all laugh]
I don't know what more of myself
I could have given,
honestly, you know.
I will say this.
You're so fucking young,
I don't think you're sure
of yourself yet.
-Yeah.
-And it comes with age.
But it's crazy to me
that you are so beautiful
inside and out.
With a face like yours,
you could easily
just go straight to cunt.
Thank you so much.
No, honestly, because
you are fucking stunning.
And honestly, before
coming into this competition,
I thought y'all were
gonna be bitches, honestly.
-Really?
-Yes, and I was nervous.
Shady bitch!
Oh, my God!
Oh, bitch!
I have notes.
What does it say, bitch?
"DeJa Skye, you are one person
"who I was beyond thrilled
to see here.
"You deserve this.
Keep breaking boundaries.
And when you sew, make sure
the threads are in the back."
Oh, my God!
That's Camden.
I love her.
Fucking whore!
Let me pick a random one.
Oh, here we go.
Oh, it's from Daya!
"Jorgie, I love you
to the ends of the Earth.
"I hope you know
how proud of you I am.
"I'm so glad that we got
to experience this together.
You're my sister forever,
baby, Daya Betty."
-Aw!
-Aw, Daya!
Such a fake bitch.
Oh, my God!
No, I'm just kidding,
I'm just kidding.
-All right, sister.
-Girl, we did it.
Oh...
We walked in here
on our episode the first two,
and we're gonna exit sisters.
-Together. Forever and ever.
-Forever and ever.
Thank you, thank you,
and good night!
Adios! Bye!
This journey has been
fucking everything.
-Ooh.
-Oh!
Oh, I feel great.
I feel accomplished.
Well, I'll be damned.
You need help?
I know those
are bigger than you.
Bitch, y'all are eliminated.
Y'all take y'all's own damn bag.
You ain't gotta leave,
but you gotta get
the fuck up outta here.
Okay, bitch.
Aah!
Ugh!
Girls, you better turn it
the fuck out,
and bitches, remember,
it's gorgeous like Jorgeous.
-Ooh!
-Bye!
Bye, my babies. Mwah!
[pretends to cries]
I'll get you for this, RuPaul!
[laughs]
♪ Oh, baby ♪
♪ Oh, winner, baby ♪
♪ Oh, playing
with the game of love ♪
♪ Oh, winner, baby ♪
♪ Oh, baby, playing
with the game of love ♪
♪ Winner ♪
♪ MTV ♪